Add note about `@babel/eslint-parser` (#842)
babel/babel-eslint: README.md

# babel-eslint [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/babel-eslint.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/babel-eslint) [![travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/babel/babel-eslint/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/babel/babel-eslint) [![npm-downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/babel-eslint.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/babel-eslint)

> ## NOTE: babel-eslint is renamed as `@babel/eslint-parser` and moved into the [Babel monorepo](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/master/eslint/babel-eslint-parser).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## NOTE: babel-eslint is now `@babel/eslint-parser` and moved into the [Babel monorepo](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/master/eslint/babel-eslint-parser).
```
